Add Performance Tuning Guide (#887)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-tuned-profiles.adoc

[id="Enabling_Tuned_Profiles_{context}"]
= Enabling Tuned Profiles

{RHEL} 7 enables the tuned daemon by default during installation.
On bare-metal, {Team} recommends to run the `throughput-performance` tuned profile on {ProjectServer} and {SmartProxies}.

> On virtual maschines, {Team} recommdsn to run the `virtual-guest` profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On virtual machines, {Team} recommends to run the `virtual-guest` profile.
```

Author: Applied.

.Procedure
. Check if `tuned` is running:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl status tuned
----

> . If `tuned` is not running, enable it:
> +
> [options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
> ----
> # systemctl enable tuned

Reviewer: `enable` does not start the service. It just enables it (which means: start it at boot). If you want to start it
```suggestion
. If `tuned` is not running, enable it:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl enable --now tuned
```

Author: Applied.

----
. Optional: View a list of available `tuned` profiles:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# tuned-adm list
----
. Enable a `tuned` profile depending on your scenario:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# tuned-adm profile "_My_Tuned_Profile_"
----

// what does this mean? Where should it go?
Transparent Huge Pages is a memory management technique used by the Linux kernel which reduces the overhead of using Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB) by using larger sized memory pages.
Due to databases having Sparse Memory Access patterns instead of Contiguous Memory access patterns, database workloads often perform poorly when Transparent Huge Pages is enabled.

> To improve performance of PostgreSQL, {Team} recommends Transparent Huge Pages be disabled.

Reviewer: This isn't just us, it's really a best practice. https://www.percona.com/blog/2019/03/06/settling-the-myth-of-transparent-hugepages-for-databases/ actually has some nice write up.

Author: Reworded.
